feat: add page descriptions and update titleType (#340)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/content-switcher/style.mdx

---
title: Content switcher

> description: Content switcher manipulates the content shown following an exclusive or “either/or” pattern. It is used to toggle between two or more content sections within the same space on screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Content switchers manipulate the content shown following an exclusive or “either/or” pattern. It is used to toggle between two or more content sections within the same space on screen.
```
